Introduction

	This applied research project serves as a preliminary evaluation of the status of Student Support Services offered to Distance Learning Students enrolled at institutions of higher learning in the University of North Carolina (UNC) System. This project includes a survey of literature relevant to distance support services, a comparison of data collected from the content analysis of the web site of North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University. North Carolina A&T State University, and of its sister University Web Sites in the UNC System, and highlights the need to provide equitable student support services to distance learners. 
	Student Support Services are vital to the success of all college students regardless of their learning environment, or physical location. Student Support Services increase enrollment, improve retention, and provide a well-rounded degree program (LaPadula, 2003).   Integrating student support into academic programs also contributes to the academic and personal growth of students.  	Student Support includes a variety of services designed to provide administrative, academic, and personnel support to students enrolled in college courses. Despite the tremendous number of technological resources available to colleges and universities, the need to provide distance student support is an often overlooked when educators and administrators design DE programs. 
	The UNC System provides support to its diverse body of students through a variety of operational units that include but are not limited to Student Affairs, Student Services, and Academic Affairs.  A review of UNC System Web Sites revealed that the support services offered to students are part of the administration core.  Advising, admissions, financial aid, registration, and assessment services are some of the student support services provided by UNC institutions. While the aforementioned services are critical components of university administration, they do not provide individual and academic support services to students. The scope of this project concentrates on the support services outside of the administrative realm such as career services counseling, career, and academic support services.
